Restructure the connector for dataplane support (#1)
deltastreaminc/deltastream-connector-python: README.md

# deltastream-connector

A Python client library for [DeltaStream](https://deltastream.io) - a SQL streaming processing engine based on Apache Flink.

## Features

- Asynchronous API client for DeltaStream
- Support for SQL statements execution
- Streaming result sets
- API Token authentication
- Python 3.11+ support

## Installation

```bash
pip install deltastream-connector
```

## Quick Start

```python
import asyncio
from deltastream.api.conn import APIConnection

# Initialize connection with API token

> conn = APIConnection.from_dsn("https://:<your_token>@api.deltastream.io/v2")

Reviewer: may be update instructions to make it clear to use an environment variable or other configs to get auth token compared to embedded in code, e.g.
```suggestion
auth_token = os.getenv("DELTASTREAM_AUTH_TOKEN")

if not auth_token:
    raise ValueError("Environment variable 'DELTASTREAM_AUTH_TOKEN' is not set")

# Use the token to construct the DSN and create the connection
dsn = f"https://:{auth_token}@api.deltastream.io/v2"
conn = APIConnection.from_dsn(dsn)
```
